hey folks this is the protocol weekly
calls August 8 and we just have with a
few updates for you today and we can
chat about whatever else people want to
discuss so we're really excited on the
chapter front we have a new chapter in
Prague which you can find by using then
chapters page on our website and a lot
of the work we've done this week has
been focused on analytics something that
we want to do is make sure that we're
making the right content decisions for
the future based on how people are using
the website right now
so Diego and I have been working under
the hood with our account Lea analytics
system to add some more tracking so this
is all sort of you know work in progress
PR but we've implemented tracking of
links clicked from the site so if you go
from one of our lessons out to
documentation we'd be able to see how
many how many times people are clicking
to go to see a certain part of the Docs
or clicking on one of the resources that
we recommend at the after a lesson so
you can see what people are finding most
useful and then the other piece that we
worked on yesterday was getting it set
up so that when you pass a lesson we'll
be able to see how many people have
passed for example the second tutorial
in the MF s the second lesson in the
first tutorial and so seeing you know
how much people are hitting each of
these things if everyone's passing the
first six lessons of the blog tutorial
and no one's passing the seventh ones
that'll be a problem we should address
and the next thing we're going to do on
that front is to look at look at other
things that would be indicators that
content might be too hard so we are
hoping to also add some functionality
that would say you've passed an entire
tutorial so every every lesson within
the tutorial is passed we also want to
see if we can find a way to track you
know it took you ten tries of submitting
the code and getting error messages
before you landed on the
right code which means we haven't given
you enough clues in the lesson itself
for hints in the as we defined exercise
we might also people to see how many
times people are hitting the reset code
button I think some people will lean
towards using that reset code button
like knowing they're going astray and
using that and some people will just
submit and it won't work and they'll
stick again so stuff like that is kind
of mixed up to find figure out under the
hood how we can do that and that's all
with a aim not healthiness create
content that works better for people on
the content front I'm going to be
sitting down with some file coin folks
tomorrow to think about what we can
offer in terms of really kind of concept
based lessons about file coin at this
point I don't think we're envisioning
you know coding challenges but with the
new multiple-choice lesson types that we
showed off on last week's call and that
gives us a really nice opportunity to do
some some more text lessons that are a
bit more interactive and then the other
things on the content front that we'll
be doing next are working on a lesson
about working with files in ipfs not the
mutable file system but the other
commands to add stuff and then also
splitting our decentralize data
structures tutorial into two portions so
one would be more the like content
versus location addressing and one would
be where we dig deeper into like the
hashes and the Merkel tree stuff which
kind of just trails off and it's not
clear why we're talking about that so
there's some work to do on those and
we'll incorporate a lot of the resources
from my PFS camp we're also going to go
back and look at all the stuff I have in
it I'd say FS camp and see where we can
insert more stuff in there because
people did a great job of coming up with
nice ways to explain concepts so we want
to go back and and put in from a Content
perspective so that's I think from
looking to make it today but that's what
the two of us have been working on and
kind of have next in the next cvq to
take on um I don't know Kevin if you
have any questions or anything that you
want to shock watch next
much questions but I think there's a lot
of progress I updating on Peru which is
really cool and and I think a lot of
content from the a BFS can uh can be
like have really good I potential as a
as they're like the resources swallow as
a proto school yeah
a content as well here it's really good
yeah yeah and also uh you remember I
mentioned about jello and tangy there
the book couple IVFs they just published
their book yeah so so so III think I
just got one of the copy but I haven't I
haven't have time to get it yet so I
think masa is doing the Japanese version
translation and hopefully yeah yeah yeah
yeah and I think if I I think if I have
time I'm trying to do the English
translation and hopefully they don't
yeah but I think it would take quite a
lot of time yes yeah I'd be like like a
month or two yeah yeah so so hopefully
these those are very intensive midnight
the content or about ipfs and mostly
about FS and other it'll be about Falcon
and the p2p so it can be a gravy sauce
is fun for the Villopoto school as well
so it's really cool is that yeah yeah
yes I simplified Chinese menu in
simplified Chinese okay yeah yeah so
hopefully if they have a digital version
I can I can send it to you later
yes if you like there to like a digital
version people could look at or where to
go to purchase the hard copy then I'd be
happy to throw them into the notes and
that's really cool yeah awesome
yeah I haven't done much yet in this few
weeks because oh I my baby girl just
came early last week yes so how was I so
so busy for a week and then yeah and
then I I'm heading to Berlin next week
it's for the Buffy summit
you'll be there no okay so so I will be
there food obviously
we shall and Joe and it'll be there I
think Colleen I think like they told me
that they we had their yeah yeah yeah so
yeah I don't have much question here
yeah okay
I'm anything else exciting happening in
Hong Kong or any of your welcome not not
pretty much but uh but I get a some of
the other couple like boxing communities
people they want you initiate we're free
were free community in China like let's
say in China in Asia like to talk about
like in more general like including
everything let's say ipfs if we were
polkadot like a lot of those I think it
will it will have a lot to write like
for like doing the public that the the
education yeah yeah yeah oh yeah and the
other thing that I discovered was that
the I think it's the Shanghai chapter
yeah
presentation on our decentralized data
structures tutorial and they created the
slides there in so that's something that
I will work on finding a way to share
with people in case that's helpful
the ipfs camp resources as well like we
have kind of two easy ways to integrate
content one that's great is that within
resources at the end of a lesson we can
add something to a list there you want
to learn more about this go here and
maybe that would be something that like
right now the site doesn't really
support translation but it might be that
if we were linking to that resource
maybe just in the actual text we could
include both English and Chinese when we
describe the resource history actually
are I got I think I met someone last
time when Michelle and Colleen went for
or falcone the meetup in China and then
someone actually asked me about
is there any like Chinese translation
for the photo school so I think our is
it would be good to work on this if I if
I have time later like let's see I've
worked far with me work with other
chapters see we can work on this later
because some of them think that it may
be better for them or the developers in
China to understand those yeah yeah so
the challenge we have right now is that
the structure of the website itself so
there's there kind of two separate
things one is if I'm presenting in a
room in a live workshop can I make my
slides in yep Chinese or whatever
language absolutely you have the other
is can we translate the content of all
of the exercises and the way that the
code is built right now is not conducive
to doing that so we're gonna have to do
a lot of work under the hood I opened an
issue to flag it because there are other
people asking if they can contribute
translations I've opened an issue to
flag it but this this the structure of
the site is still like in flux how
things work under the hood we have a lot
of rapid changes to how all of that
works so it doesn't feel like we're
settled enough to take the time to
invest in building it out which requires
really pulling everything out making
everything strings that you can then
translate into all the different
languages so there's a lot of under the
hood work that would have to happen
before we could use transifex for
example to get volunteers to translate
the content so it is something that's on
the radar that we're leaving there and
if people ask about it and asking them
to like watch that issue so that they'll
be notified when we have that
functionality available but in the
meantime helping to translate you know
materials that you could use in sessions
you know presentation materials is a
great idea so yeah just because if we it
is a plain task website and it would be
much easier but yeah there's a lot
there's a lot yeah yeah okay but but
yeah we really appreciate that a couple
of people have have made that offer and
been interested in going that direction
so it's definitely on the radar I
and add a link I'll add a link in the
meeting notes to the issue that I opened
to try that if anybody else wants to
follow that issue yeah yeah so yeah
anything else you wanted to chat about
oh not not not much yeah okay I think
that's it for me well we I don't think
it's quite worth demoing any of the UM
the tracking stuff where we're at right
now but if anybody missed the meeting
last week and wants to catch up we did
demo the new multiple-choice lesson
format and one of the things that I
highlighted when we made that update
it's actually always been true that you
don't really need to know how to code to
build a proto school tutorial that's
text-based and now you can also without
knowing how to code just kind of
following the pattern and the templates
that we give you can build a lesson
that's text-based and then has multiple
choice exercises it's pretty easy to
build if you're comfortable with
markdown so that's something that we're
highlighting when we when we talk to
people now just to make it clear and I'm
happy to give people some help went off
but you can find a section on the
website about building and that will
link you to the instructions and as we
go and add new features we're adding to
the instructions about how you can do
that so we're excited to have more
people contributing this sign goes on
and people are feeling ready to
contribute some content still in English
at this point but but the more you know
the more we can do to to build out the
initial content then the better will be
when we get ready to translate so anyway
I think that's it for my end so I will
say goodbye and we'll yeah maybe in
Berlin yeah yeah yeah I'll see if I can
make it next week yeah I'm a very busy
now yeah my baby yeah we'll see maybe
the baby will wake you up for the calls
at midnight or whatever time it is oh
yes I see wake me up like every every
few hours yeah I see it
okay thank you thank you later thank you